Facebook is not an OpenID Connect provider.
They have their own implementation of Facebook Connect.
So we will need to use the OAuth2 flow.
Facebook will play the role of the authorization server and resource server,
and Crypto Portfolio will be the client.
If you recall back to the OAuth2 flow in the previous module,
we need a client id and client secret.
Hence, we need to first register our application with Facebook.
We can do this by Facebook developers.
Once registered, select create new app.
Enter the display name and click Create App ID.
Select Integrate with Facebook Login, then in PRODUCTS Facebook Login,
Quickstart, select Web.
Put in your site URL.
Since we are in dev, we can use localhost.
Save and Continue.
There is some very useful info on the API, which is worth a read.
Now under Settings, Basic, there is an App ID,
which is your client id and the client secret.
You can click Show to see it.
We now have a client id and client secret.
For Google, you can register with Google API.
I go through how to do that in my previous course,
Spring Security Authentication and Authorization in the module for OAuth.
So check that out if you want to do that.
Now this is an important point.
Keep your secret safe!
If it gets leaked,
a malicious site could masquerade as yours potentially gaining access
to your users' Facebook resources and your site.
So now that we have the client ID and secret, let's configure the application next.